For telemetering snow data from a snow station to a Hydrologic Information System (HIS), there are two scenarios to consider: where your station will be located has cellular service or it does not.

If the snow station is located in an area with cell service, and you wish to telemeter data, you will be using the lte_hydroserver sketch. This sketch is setup to make posts to HydroServer [HydroServer Link](https://hydroserver.geoglows.org/browse) which is a generalized HIS that anyone can post hydrologic data to.
Other servers exist that the Mayfly is capable of posting to thanks to the development of source code by the Stroud Water Research Center, such as Monitor My Watershed [Monitor My Watershed Link](https://monitormywatershed.org/), ThingSpeak [ThingSpeak Link](https://thingspeak.mathworks.com/), DreamHost [DreamHost Link](https://www.dreamhost.com/), and Ubidiots [Ubidiots Link](https://ubidots.com/).
You will need to properly set up an account on the server website and use the appropriate sketch if you wish to use these servers instead of HydroServer. The ModularSensors library has included example sketches for publishing to ThingSpeak and Monitor My Watershed [Publishers Examples](../../arduino_libraries/EnviroDIY_ModularSensors/examples).
Note that these examples were created by EnviroDIY, and the sketch contains code for other sensors that are not used in the example LTE sketch in this repository folder. If you wish to publish to one of these servers rather than HydroServer, you will need to adjust their code to include all the sensors we've laid out.

If your snow station will be located where there is not cell service and you would still like to publish to an HIS, then you will be using one of the two "satellite..." sketches. In this setup, a satellite station is just a snow station that gives its data to a different data logger to publish rather than publishing the data itself. This data logger that receives the data and publishes it is referred to as a base station. Any number of satellite snow stations can be set up to give their data to one base station. This base station will need to be installed in a location where there is cell service, such as up on a ridge top, or it needs to be an already existing weather station that has it's own way of connecting to an HIS, such as through radio repeaters or sending signals off of ionized particles in the atmosphere. The instructions and code for setting up this network of satellite-base stations can be found in the [integrations](../../integrations) folder.

These two satellite sketches found in this folder simply contain the code for a station that makes measurements and feeds those measurements to a base station. The two versions, varCode and varUUID, refer to the information the base station needs to know to properly post the data it receives from the satellite snow station to the HIS. "varCode" refers to the variable code given to each measurement in the sketch and is typically a preprogrammed default string in the ModularSensors source code unless explicitly declared in the Arduino sketch.
